PydyTuesday is a collaborative initiative linked with the TidyTuesday data project
that helps you grow your Python skills by analyzing a new dataset each week and sharing
your discoveries. It's an ideal environment to learn Python, try out new Python tools,
and connect with others. If you've been looking for an engaging way to expand your data science
toolbox with fresh data and explore endless research questions, then PydyTuesday is for you!
So how do you get started with PydyTuesday? The best place to start is to visit the TidyTuesday
GitHub repository and explore the various datasets. Beginning on February 18th, 2025,
all future datasets include information for how to download the data using not just R,
but also Python. For example, here is a dataset on the water quality at Sydney beaches.
If we click on the title of the dataset, we will see the information for how to download the data
using the PydyTuesday package or directly from the GitHub repository.
PydyTuesday encourages the community to get creative with data. Feel free to build anything
you can imagine, a basic plot, an informative table, or even a sophisticated model using a new
Python library. By sharing your creations on social media, you'll not only receive constructive
feedback, but also inspire and educate fellow Python enthusiasts. If you're ready to level
up your Python skills, then get started with PydyTuesday today and have fun!